City University of Hong Kong City University of Hong Kong (CityU) is a leading global university with a burgeoning local and global reputation for professional education and research. The University is strongly committed to creating an internationalised space for professional education, pursuing world-class research  that benefits the world. It has established a culture of innovation and discovery, and nurtures the talents of students.

As a visionary hub for professional education and problem-driven research with a special focus on One Health, Smart City and Digital Society, responding to societal and technological change is a crucial part of CityU’s mission. Hong Kong’s first and only veterinary college, which the University established in collaboration with Cornell University in the US, pioneers excellence in veterinary education and research. Hong Kong’s first School of Data Science meets the demand for data scientists and engineers for the data-driven economy of the future.

Led by internationally renowned academics and supported by first-rate facilities, CityU aims to generate new knowledge and create innovative products and solutions that address pressing world problems and improve people’s quality of life.

CityU’s impactful research covers an array of disciplines, ranging from rapid cancer screening, sustainable energy to schema-like learning for treating myelin-related diseases.

A biomedical research team has developed groundbreaking technology that can detect cancer cells with as little as 4 ml of blood in no more than five minutes, with an accuracy rate of over 90%.
An environmental scientist has developed new zero-pollution technology that uses sunlight to split water into clean hydrogen and thus generate renewable energy. The technology enhances the conversion efficiency of solar energy using photoelectrocatalysis.

A research team from the Department of Biomedical Sciences has revealed for the first time that schema-like learning can foster the growth and regeneration of brain myelin, thereby enhancing the synchrony of neural networks and improving both learning and memory capability.

In addition, the University was ranked first in Hong Kong and 63rd in the world among the Top 100 Worldwide Universities Granted US Utility Patents in 2018. As of November 2019, the University has a total of 464 patents granted and 433 filed.

Located in the heart of Asia’s World City, CityU delivers professional education for the fast-changing world of the 21st century. It addresses global challenges by championing the need for internationalisation and interdisciplinarity. For example, a memorandum of understanding with the University of Oxford has established the Oxford–CityU Centre for Cerebro-Cardiovascular Health Engineering; Joint Bachelor’s Degree Programmes with Columbia University are offered; and CityU has launched Hong Kong’s first-ever Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine programme, focusing on veterinary studies, zoonotic diseases, public health and food safety in order to improve the lives of individuals and the well-being of communities across the region and beyond. About 65% of CityU undergraduates go on exchanges with over 400 student exchange partners from over 40 countries or regions around the world.

 