Johns Hopkins University COVID-19 Information:All events until April 12 for applicants to Johns Hopkins University have now been cancelled. This includes campus tours and admissions events. Classes are being taught remotely.
The university has also suspended all new international exchange and domestic visitors to Johns Hopkins, including visiting students, faculty, and scholars.Johns Hopkins University is an American private research university in Baltimore, Maryland. It was founded in 1876, and named after its first benefactor, the American entrepreneur, abolitionist, and philanthropist Johns Hopkins. It blazed a trail among higher education institutions by being the first US research university, and today it puts more money into research than any other US academic institution. It’s also widely credited with revolutionizing higher education by being the first US institution to integrate teaching and research. To date, Johns Hopkins has spawned 27 Nobel laureates, including the former US president Woodrow Wilson. Johns Hopkins is organized into 10 divisions on campuses in Maryland and Washington, DC with international centers in Italy, China, and Singapore. Johns Hopkins regularly ranks in the top 10 universities in the US, and is also competitive globally, especially for its undergraduate programs. Johns Hopkins enrolls more than 24,000 full- and part-time students across its nine academic divisions with faculty members and students studying, teaching, and learning across more than 260 programs in the arts and music, the humanities, the social and natural sciences, engineering, international studies, education, business, and the health professions. Applicants at undergraduate level are generally ranked in the top 10 percent of their high school class, and over time applications and selectivity has risen. For the class graduating in 2020, the acceptance rate was 11.4 percent. Most Johns Hopkins undergraduates study at Homewood, a 140-acre North Baltimore campus that is home to the schools of engineering and arts and sciences. It’s a traditional college setting in the heart of a big and blossoming city, with red-brick buildings, tree-lined pathways, an iconic clock tower, and expansive green quads. Nearly all undergraduates based in the main campus live in residence halls during their first two years, where they make friends and take advantage of what has officially been named one of the best campus dining programs in the US. There’s also easy access to top class arts and culture: the school’s conservatory, the Peabody Institute, regularly hosts musical extravaganzas, concerts and performances, while the Center for Visual Arts, located next to the Baltimore Museum of Art, provides plenty of sources for artistic inspiration.Off-campus, students can venture into Baltimore itself, a city with a rich history as a working-class port that has blossomed into a hub of social, cultural, and economic activity – yet retains a small-town feel. 