Lund University Lund University is the #1 choice for international students in Sweden, with one third of all students choosing Lund University programmes. International students appreciate the University because of its wide range of more than 140 international degree programmes, as well as exchange and Ph.D. studies, and strong rankings performance. In the QS World University Rankings 2022, Lund University was ranked 95th in the world. In the QS World University Rankings by Subject 2022, the University also received high world rankings for several subject areas, including geography, development studies, environmental sciences, nursing, finance, marketing and social policy and administration.   Student lifeThe University’s campus is located in the charming, medieval university town of Lund. Because of its unique combination of traditional student organisations, academic societies and student unions, Lund is considered by many to be the best student city in Sweden. This vast number of student groups ensures that there are plenty of events and activities all year round. Lund University also has campuses located in the nearby cities of Helsingborg and Malmö.In Lund, students can experience the rich history and cultural heritage of a Swedish medieval university town and, at the same time, be part of the dynamic and international atmosphere created by Lund University students and staff. Moreover, Lund is only 10 minutes away from Sweden’s third largest city Malmö and 35 minutes from the international airport in Copenhagen, making it a great hub for travel throughout Sweden and Europe.International studentsLund University offers a global class environment where students gain multicultural perspectives and have the opportunity to network with people from around the world. The institution aims to provide an open and informal study experience. Currently, Lund University has 40 000 students, 20% of which are international students (60% on Master's programmes). In Lund, you will find a truly international campus, with students of as many as 130 different nationalities. Financial aidThe Lund University Global Scholarship is the University’s main scholarship and is open to international students who are citizens of non-EU/EEA countries. This is a merit-based scholarship that students can apply for after they have applied for degree studies with the University.National scholarships, such as the Swedish Institute Study Scholarship, are another type of financial aid. It should also be mentioned that the University also accepts US and Canadian student loans.EmployabilityProving its dedication to high-quality education, the University was ranked as a top 100 university for graduate employability in the Global University Employability Ranking 2018.Students in Lund are given excellent opportunities for business interaction, as the city, with its unique, world-class environment for technology, knowledge, innovation and entrepreneurship, hosts an impressive breadth of global companies.Studying at Lund UniversityLund University offers over 100 Master's programmes, nine Bachelor’s programmes in English and around 700 courses suitable for exchange students, covering the following subjects:Find Lund University on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube.