Monash University Monash University Monash University Is the largest university in Australia, ranked in the world\'s top 100 and a member of the prestigious Group of Eight.  We\'re named after Sir John Monash, and fuelled by his desire for our students to leave here with a greater sense of purpose, and the skills and confidence to create positive change. In under 60 years, we\'ve grown from a single campus into an education and research powerhouse with a presence on four continents, committed to the challenges of the age.Our work is making an impact all over the world, from bringing clean water to villages in Africa to creating new life-saving medicines.An international experienceWith four Australian campuses, one in Malaysia and over 100 international partners, we\'re making a difference on a global scale.  You\'ll have access to more research collaborations, more global partnerships, and a greater choice of overseas opportunities.  All Monash courses have an international focus, whether you take subjects on global issues, participate in study abroad programs, or learn alongside students from diverse cultures.  Monash prepares you for the global workforce - you can start your degree in Australia, and continue your studies in Italy, Malaysia, India, China, or any of our 100 partner institutions worldwide.A recognised world leader in researchWe\'re active in over 150 fields of research across our 10 faculties, in areas as diverse as additive manufacturing, drug development, domestic violence and sustainable design. Many ideas developed at Monash - such as a new Malaria vaccine and 3D-printed engines - have been commercialised and are making a difference to the world we live in.Partnerships in industry and governmentHome to various precincts of innovation, we foster collaboration across traditional and unexpected disciplines.  We build teams and form links, we bring together diverse minds - researchers, companies, businesses and technology - creating knowledge hubs of the future.Plenty of optionsOur large range of courses allows you to match your studies with your ambitions.  Monash University offers one of the largest range of degrees in Australia, including over 140 innovative double degree options, bachelor, master and PhD degrees.Scholarships We believe everyone should have the opportunity to make their mark on the world, which is why we offer over 200 different types of scholarships  for new and current students. They take care of everything from course fees to travel and accommodation. Our scholarships aren’t just reserved for those with the best academic track record – we provide support for disadvantaged students as well.  