Seoul National University As a world-class university that proudly represents the Republic of Korea, Seoul National University has paved the way for the future as Korea’s most prestigious national institution for higher education. Founded as the first comprehensive university in 1946 by the merger of ten higher education institutions, SNU is now experiencing happier times than ever, with 28,000 students enrolled in undergraduate and postgraduate programs. Fifteen colleges offer 85 undergraduate academic programs, under which students can also choose to study interdisciplinary or double major programs. At the postgraduate level, the graduate school offers 106 master’s programs and 107 doctoral programs across five fields of study. There are twelve professional graduate schools including the Graduate School of Public Health and Graduate School of Convergence Science and Technology that aim to cultivate professionals who address pressing challenges and bring about innovations. There are more than 250 university-wide student exchange partners in 45 countries, including the University of Pennsylvania and the University of California (system). SNU has four campuses: The main Gwanak campus is located in southern Seoul, while the Yeongeon medical campus is situated in the northeast part of the city with colleges of medicine, dentistry, and nursing and SNU Hospital. Outside Seoul, the Pyeongchang green-bio campus in the host city of the Winter Olympics serves as an academic hub for agriculture and life sciences research. Most recently, the Siheung campus has started its functions to cultivate world-class research excellence by launching various industry-academia collaborative R&D centers.At SNU, students, faculty, and any other members will live, work, and socialize as much as they desire. The largest university library in Korea owns a collection of more than 5 million volumes and is equipped with a number of comfortable reading (studying) rooms, IT facilities, multimedia plazas, a theatre, computer labs, and group study rooms. There are various types of education/research support programs and Korean language programs for international students. All campuses have student dormitories with en-suite bathrooms and useful facilities, and free campus shuttles connect everywhere on campus and even outside the campus. Plenty of cafeterias and snack bars, including a vegetarian cafeteria, and a wide range of student clubs and societies will meet student needs and interests. The on-campus health service center runs a comprehensive primary care clinic and various specialty clinics in cooperation with SNU Hospital and SNU Dental Hospital and provides a range of health checkup programs, immunizations, and medical tests. It also offers multiple therapeutic programs to address mental health issues with SNU Center for Campus Life & Culture. Various sporting activities, whether competitive or recreational, keep students in good shape mentally and physically and a modern art museum and concert halls give a pleasant experience to campus visitors, as well as SNU members.