The University of Sydney The University of Sydney was founded on the principle of giving everyone the opportunity to realise their potential through education and still holds that belief just as strongly today.

Currently ranked 4th in the world, and 1st in Australia, for graduate employability*, the University of Sydney is also consistently placed among the top 50 universities in the world**.

With a reimagined undergraduate curriculum, state-of-the-art facilities, world-class teaching and learning and a vibrant campus life, it is a place where students can attain widely recognised and respected qualifications.

The University offers Australia’s broadest range of disciplines and its research focuses on finding solutions to society’s biggest challenges. With more than 400 areas of study to choose from, students have the flexibility to follow their interests, broaden their skills, and pursue internship and global exchange opportunities.

Outside the classroom, students can make lifelong friends and connections, with more than 200 student-run clubs and societies bringing the campus to life. The University of Sydney community – which covers the world – includes more than 50,000 students, 3400 academic staff, and 320,000 alumni.

My Course Guide

Search, compare and short-list your preferred courses, and create your personalised course guide:https://mycourseguide.sydney.edu.au/

Explore all courses.

Investing in the future

The University has invested more than $1.5 billion in multidisciplinary initiatives in the last decade, to enable academic staff to improve the lives of people in Australia and around the world.

Research is driven by the big picture. From combating the world’s deadliest diseases to inventing tiny devices that make a super-sized difference to computing, the University of Sydney excels in innovative collaboration.

Supported by more than 90 research centres, researchers are finding solutions to the world’s greatest challenges – and many others – by changing the way they look at them. Find out more at sydney.edu.au/research-impact

* QS Graduate Employability Rankings, 2020
** QS World University Rankings, 2020

 