The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) offers you the opportunity to study the social sciences in an institution with a worldwide academic reputation, while enjoying the cultural, social and recreational facilities of one of the world’s greatest capital cities.The School is a place of genuine intellectual excitement and cutting-edge research. In the most recent national Research Excellence Framework (REF) LSE had the highest percentage of world-leading research of any university in the United Kingdom.All LSE’s teaching and research is undertaken from a social science perspective, giving the institution a unique approach to otherwise common fields. LSE academics are at the forefront of developments in the social sciences and their expertise is called upon by governments, businesses and media around the globe.The School offers 40 undergraduate programmes and over 140 taught and research postgraduate programmes. LSE’s academic profile spans a wide range of social science disciplines, from accounting to law, management to social policy.  The character of LSE is inseparable from its location. Situated in central London, the School is located in one of the most cosmopolitan cities in the world. Only a short distance from Europe’s financial, legal and cultural centres, LSE stands at the crossroads of international debate. This is fundamental to our identity as an outward-looking institution with an active involvement in UK and world affairs. The student community at LSE is one of the most internationally diverse in the world, with students from over 140 countries registered each year. This mix encourages a truly international approach to intellectual discovery and academic life at LSE which cannot be matched elsewhere. The School has one of the most prestigious public events programmes in the world. Leading figures from all walks of life have spoken at LSE, including Bill Clinton, Nancy Pelosi, Amartya Sen, Christine Lagarde, Bill Gates, Helen Clark and George Soros.