The University of Edinburgh Be open to possibilities. Be open to the extraordinary.The University of Edinburgh is one of the world's top universities, consistently ranked in the world top 50*, and placed 15th in the 2023 QS World University Rankings. Our entrepreneurial and cross-disciplinary culture attracts students and staff from across the globe, creating a unique Edinburgh experience. Whatever excites you, whatever your ambition, whatever makes you ‘you’, we know one thing; nothing ordinary comes from this extraordinary place.Study with usAs host to more than 45,000 students from some 156 countries, the University of Edinburgh continues to attract the world’s greatest minds.We offer a range of ways to study, from on-campus taught programmes to online part-time study. We are the largest provider of online distance learning in the Russell Group of UK research-intensive universities, and offer more than 70 online programmes. Our flexible and supportive online learning programmes are an increasingly popular choice for students looking to balance further study with professional or family commitments.Our students have been making an impact on the world for more than 400 years. Each year is different – every individual, every degree, every campus experience is unique and a vital part of our mission to make the world a better place. Teaching and research excellenceThe latest report from the Quality Assurance Agency awarded us the highest rating possible for the quality of the student learning experience. At postgraduate level, we offer more than 300 taught masters courses and 180 research areas across our three Colleges:- College of Arts, Humanities and Social Science 
- College of Medicine and Veterinary Medicine
- College of Science and EngineeringOur position as one of Britain’s leading research universities was reaffirmed by the results of the 2021 Research Excellence Framework (REF). The REF rates 90% of our research activity as world-leading or internationally excellent, ranking us fourth in the UK based on the quality and breadth of our research.We are associated with 19 Nobel Prize winners, who are alumni of the University of have been members of academic staff here and have long enjoyed a spirit of innovation and collaboration and continue to do so today. We are proudly open to everyone, bringing people with new outlooks and perspectives together in an international community that is establishing the data capital of Europe, tackling climate change and paving the way for new fertility treatments. Our scientists are seeking cures for cancer, repurposing drugs to improve treatments for the Covid-19 Coronavirus and contributing to the global search for a vaccine.Joining the University as a student provides you with a unique opportunity to work with some of the most influential academics in your chosen field. At Edinburgh, you will develop specialist skills, deepen your understanding and gain new insights and perspectives to equip you for your career ahead.Global connectionsOur ambitious internationalisation strategy aims to provide world-class experiences for students and ensures the teaching and research we deliver offers global benefits.Collaborations and international partnershipsWe collaborate with partners worldwide in fields as diverse as e-science, engineering, life and medical sciences, and arts and culture. We’re a member of the global research network Universitas 21 and of the European networks COIMBRA group, UNICA and LERU. We’re also a member of the Una Europa Alliance, with seven other leading European universities, which is committed to creating joint degrees and increased exchange opportunities to build the European university of the future.Our students are crucial to our continued success and development and, along with our staff, they forge research links through regular travel and overseas exchanges. We take pride in our partnerships with other institutions such as the California Institute of Technology, University of Copenhagen, University College Dublin, the University of Melbourne, Peking University, the University of Delhi and Zhejiang University– to name but a few.AlumniAs a graduate of Edinburgh, you will join a lifelong community of more than 200,000 like-minded people from across the world. This professional and social network provides a lifetime of support with clubs and contacts across the world and a range of groups and resources online. For a taste of what our alumni are doing today, see our monthly update where they share their experiences, showcase their career paths, and impart their wisdom.Visit our alumni pages for more details.FeesTuition fees vary by programme and length taken to complete. Visit our tuition fees pages for more information.Postgraduate study can be a significant financial commitment; however, the range of funding sources available may surprise you. We offer several postgraduate scholarships and studentships to outstanding candidates. Check our scholarship pages for details.(*Times Higher Education World Rankings)