The University of Hong Kong COVID-19 Information:The University of Hong Kong has moved as much of its activities online as possible, although the library remains open for students, albeit on a restricted basis. It is continuing to monitor how the situation will affect university applications.

 The University of Hong Kong (HKU), is Hong Kong’s oldest tertiary institution, with a history stretching back over a hundred years. The University of Hong Kong is ranked 26th amongst the most respected comprehensive research-led universities in the world.An Academic Powerhouse
Apart from being the 26th best university overall globally, HKU has 6 subjects placed amongst Top 10 worldwide, while HKU Dentistry programme was ranked 1st in the world for the second consecutive years.  

HKU's exceptional academic standards and pioneering research attract many top-performing scholars in Hong Kong, Mainland China and overseas. Studying at HKU, you will have a chance to meet and learn with some of the world’s top scholars.

 A Globally Connected Campus
At HKU, you will meet students from 96 countries and learn from some of the best professors in the world, amongst which 60% are from outside Hong Kong. You get the opportunity to have a life experience abroad during your studies at HKU. In 2015, more than 4,000 HKU undergraduate students have gone on either one semester or one year's student exchange programme at our partner universities, or have participated in service learning projects, field trips, undergraduate research programme or internships in overseas. With HKU as your base, you get to go to places like Cambridge, MIT or Harvard to Myanmar, or South Africa to further expand your horizons!A Degree that Opens Doors
For the last 11 years, more than 99.4% of our graduates have received at least one job offer in every consecutive academic year, with many embarking on careers in fields as diverse as finance, law, engineering and technology, and working at international corporate including the likes of Apple, Google and Goldman Sachs.

 There is a whole lot more to HKU. To find out more about the educational adventures awaiting you in one of the world’s most exciting cities and leading universities, just spend some time on our admissions website.