The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) Mission and VisionThe Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) is a research-oriented comprehensive university whose scholarly output and contributions to the community achieve the highest standards of excellence. Founded in 1963, CUHK has been guided by its mission to assist in the preservation, creation, application and dissemination of knowledge and a global vision to combine tradition with modernity and to bring together China and the West.  As a civic university, CUHK aspires to serve the needs and enhance the well-being of the citizens of Hong Kong, China, and the wider world community. CUHK’s new Strategic Plan seeks to capitalise on its distinct advantages and navigate challenges with a desire to pursue ‘Excellence with Purpose and Responsibility’. Cultural DiversityHome to over 70 distinct nationalities CUHK is a treasure trove of high-calibre students and professionals. Talent attracted to study, teach, conduct research or pursue a career have continuously won acclaims and respect in their respective fields with remarkable achievements. CUHK adopts a whole-university approach to solicit the active engagement of every individual on campus to foster a diverse and enabling environment for all. Global EngagementCUHK plays an active part in international academic networks and alliances, including the Worldwide Universities Network, the Association of Pacific Rim Universities, the International Universities Climate Alliance, the Alliance of International Science Organizations in the Belt & Road  Region, the UK-China Humanities Alliance for Higher Education, among others. Strong links have been forged with over 460 universities and strategic partners in some 40 countries and regions around the world. Gateway to the Greater Bay AreaCUHK connects the world with the rapidly emerging Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, with the University the first to establish a campus in Shenzhen in 2014. CUHK hosts a range of satellites including The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen) , the CUHK Shenzhen Research Institute and the Shenzhen Institute of Advanced Technology (in partnership with the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Shenzhen Municipal Government) across the Greater Bay Area ensuring the world is connected to this exciting powerhouse of innovation and technology.Research ExcellenceA leading research university in Asia and among the best in the world, CUHK is committed to creating a thriving ecosystem to support research and innovation to improve lives globally. Research at CUHK aims at contributing to global issues that truly matter. Among its most notable research achievements are the advances made in liquid biopsy in prenatal testing and early cancer detection, biotechnological improvements of soybean, molecular analysis for cancer and metabolic disease detection and treatment, drug development for rare neurodegenerative diseases, network coding theory that has revolutionised data transmission and network applications, and artificial intelligence and robotics for innovative technologies in biomedical and smart city applications. CUHK boasts a galaxy of distinguished scholars and researchers who are highly regarded authorities in various specialities. It is unique among Hong Kong universities in having faculty members who are recipients of prestigious accolades, including the Nobel Prize, Fields Medal and Turing Award. Nobel laureates in close association with CUHK:Research PrioritiesCUHK has identified four unique, yet complementary strategic areas of research which anchor the University’s research focus under its Strategic Plan:  CUHK is also the leader of several research projects under selected Areas of Excellence being allocated preferential funding by the University Grants Committee of Hong Kong. Research, Innovation and EntrepreneurshipCUHK focuses on integrating research, innovation and entrepreneurship into a dynamic and productive continuum, a superhighway that enables the translation of research into tangible benefits and the delivery of innovation to the world. CUHK has seeded many start-ups and successful spinout companies. CUHK faculty members and alumni have founded four unicorns*. There are also successful collaborations on professional, medical and social innovations with the government, non-governmental organisations, academic institutions and private companies in China and overseas to further the goals of maximising the impact of research and innovation on the global community.  *including SenseTime (founded by Prof. Tang Xiaoou, Sean), SmartMore (founded by Prof. Jia Jiaya Leo), GeneHarbor (founded by Prof. Wang Jun) and Lalamove (founded by alumnus Mr. Shing Chow) Research SupportDedicated teams have been set up to render practical assistance to CUHK researchers in translating research output into positive societal impact. The Office of Research and Knowledge Transfer Services (ORKTS) provides professional services for patent filing, and recruits angel and venture capitalists for start-ups. The Office of Innovation and Enterprise (OIE) connects CUHK researchers with appropriate partners, industry and government to bring research to the market for the benefit of society. The Office for Greater Bay Area Developments works in collaboration with governments of the GBA node cities to fuel innovation development and promote collaborations between Hong Kong and mainland China. Apart from generous funding and support schemes to facilitate research and knowledge transfer, CUHK faculty members can tap into grants offered by mainland China through CUHK Shenzhen Research Institute in Shenzhen wholly-owned by the University, which serves as a pivotal base for conducting research, training and technology transfer to complement national development plans for the Greater Bay Area.