The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Established in 1991, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) is an international research university dedicated to top-notch education and research. Founded on its mission to advance learning and knowledge through teaching and research particularly in science, technology, engineering, management and business studies complemented by humanities and social sciences, as well as assisting in Hong Kong’s socioeconomic development, this young and ambitious University has gone beyond the wildest dreams of many, climbing high in international esteem and reaping numerous honors and accolades. In 2021, HKUST is ranked 27th among 1000 universities and no.2 in the world’s top 50 Universities Under 50 by QS.With respect to individual Schools, HKUST also puts in a strong performance. The School of Engineering is named No. 20 amongst world’s top 500 engineering and technology universities by QS Rankings published in 2019. It is ranked No. 2 in Greater China. Its much sought-after Kellogg-HKUST Executive MBA (EMBA) program, amid high expectations, also topped the Financial Times EMBA global rankings for ten times from 2007 - 2020.Hailed widely as a ‘miracle’, the stunning achievements of HKUST do not come about miraculously. They boil down to the University’s positioning as a focused elite research university; its strong ties to global institutions and wide-ranging connections with Mainland China; the championing of interdisciplinary studies; its dedication to educating well-rounded students who flourish in today’s world, strong in entrepreneurial spirits and innovative in thinking; its mission to be a global premier knowledge hub, crystallized in the HKUST Jockey Club Institute of Advanced Study; and, last but not least, a spectacular setting by the sea that makes the University an attractive location for the pursuit of intellectual and academic excellence. Furthering its mission of providing holistic education to its students, the University welcomed the new Shaw Auditorium in the Fall of 2021. It became the home to its cultural activities and a new landmark for large-scale events, providing new flexibilities and possibilities to create a vibrant art and cultural scene on campus.In September 2022, HKUST entered a brand-new era of “HKUST2.0” with the opening of The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (Guangzhou) (HKUST(GZ)), its state-of-the-art new campus in Nansha, Guangzhou. Under the "Unified HKUST, Complementary Campuses" framework, HKUST and HKUST(GZ) will forge together "HKUST 2.0", a blueprint for next-generation pedagogies that take advantage of the complementary academic structures and shared resources to nurture forward-looking and creative talents, as well as pioneer a new way forward in higher education.Keen on curating a diversified and international learning environment, HKUST is now home to over 16,000 students spanning more than 80 countries over five continents. Whereas the world’s amazing talents are flocking to the campus for an eclectic educational experience, students enrolled are earnest in expanding their horizons by joining the University’s varied exchange programs, which now include over 300 partners worldwide. An international mix of students aside, HKUST also lives up to its promise as a stronghold of cutting-edge research and a magnet for distinguished academics and influential thinkers. HKUST has consistently achieved the highest success rate in the Research Grants Council’s annual competitive General Research Fund exercise, which reaches 45% in 2019-2020. The University sees a total of 42 faculty named Fellows of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), which is among the highest in Hong Kong. In 2011, its faculty reaped five State Science and Technology Awards, which are among the most prestigious awards in science and technology conferred by the State Council of the People's Republic of China, the largest share among local tertiary institutions. In addition to the six Chinese Academy of Sciences academicians at HKUST, nine faculty members also entered the National Science and Technology Programs Expert Database.Faculty Awards2019 IEEE Robotics and Automation Technical Field Award2019 Higher Education Outstanding Scientific Research Output Awards (Science and Technology), The Ministry of Education2020 Nick Holonyak Jr Award, Optical Society of America2020 Marketing Science Institute (MSI) Scholars2020 Fellow of The Optical Society2020 Frank M. Masters Transportation Engineering Award, American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE)2020-2021 AUA Scholars Award, Asian Universities AllianceFellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering 