UCL For information on COVID-19 please visit: https://www.ucl.ac.uk/coronavirus/Where novel thinking is nurtured and encouragedUCL is a diverse community with the freedom to challenge, to question, and to think differently. Our community pursues academic excellence, breaks boundaries and makes a positive impact on real world problems.An Academic PowerhouseUCL is 8th in the world in the “QS World University Rankings 2022.”  There have been 30 Nobel laureates among its former staff and students; a winner in every decade since the Prize started.World Leading Research UniversityAt the very heart of UCL’s mission is our research. We were rated the top university in the UK for research strength in the last Research Excellence Framework (REF 2014). We offer over 675 postgraduate taught, research and initial teacher education programmes across a wide range of disciplines, and encourage our community to work across traditional subject boundaries. UCL's research-based teaching methodology means that research is integrated into many of our degrees and students have the opportunity to make an original contribution to their field of study. London’s Global UniversityUCL sits at the heart of one of the world’s most dynamic cities, meaning you are perfectly placed to take advantage of everything London has to offer. We were the first university in England to welcome women to university education, and the first university in England to welcome students of any religion or social background. UCL has 18,000 students from outside the UK, with over 150 countries represented, providing a truly global perspective.Your FutureUCL has been ranked among the top 20 universities worldwide for graduate employability in the 2022 QS Graduate Employability Rankings. At UCL we know that students choose to enter graduate study for a myriad of reasons, and we are deeply committed to supporting our student’s aspirations and enhancing their skills and employability. UCL Careers helps students to find their perfect career, develop their professional skills or start their own business through one-to-one guidance and events, as well as a variety of careers information. Recruitment and networking events help students improve their knowledge of a particular industry sector and specific employers. For students interested in starting a business, UCL Innovation and Enterprise gives expert advice and practical support, as well as networking opportunities.Study Climate Change at UCL A UCL education is a climate education. UCL students have the opportunity to delve into climate issues and make an impact through many of UCL's programmes of study. Our students bring new thinking on climate action; from designing solutions to UCL's climate challenges through the Living Lab programme to helping us implement the changes as Sustainability Ambassadors  and holding us to account at the UK’s first Student Sustainability Council.    Find out more about UCL courses and modules with a climate change focus or element.Generation One UCL is turning ground-breaking science and ideas into actions to tackle climate change.   Inspired by the words of former US President, Barack Obama: “We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change, and the last generation who can do something about it.” Generation One offers everyone the chance to understand the science behind the issues facing our planet. UCL is driving debate and solutions, empowering everyone to feel they can contribute, rather than being overwhelmed by the challenge. Find out more and pledge your action.  Connect with us:Follow us on InstagramFind us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterConnect with us on LnkedIn