University of Amsterdam Ranked in the top 20 universities in Europe and the top 60 worldwide, the University of Amsterdam (UvA) stands for boundless curiosity – learning, research and innovation for a better world. Our 41,000 students from over 100 countries study a vast range of subjects from media, psychology and business to artificial intelligence.We offer one of Europe’s largest selections of English-taught degree programmes, including some that are unique to us. A modern research university with roots going back to 1632, the UvA is set in the heart of a bustling European capital city that you can cycle across in under an hour.Find out more about our programmes, campuses, and how to apply:www.uva.nl/en/bachelorswww.uva.nl/en/mastersTop 5 reasons to choose the UvA

Ranking and reputation
Study at a university that ranks among Europe’s top 15 and the global top 60 in the QS and Times Higher Education world university rankings 2020. Also ranked best in the world for Communication Science & Media.Accredited by the Dutch government and the NVAO, the UvA is a member of the League of European Research Universities (LERU).Freedom of choice
Choose from one of the largest selections of international degree programmes of any university in Europe, with nearly 200 programmes taught in English – several unique to the UvA.Career impact
Gain knowledge, critical thinking skills and a degree that can support your career. We have a Student Careers Centre, a triple-accredited business school and a prime location in a city that’s a global hub.  

EU and global connections
Make friends across borders – over 12,500 of our 41,000 students are from outside the Netherlands. Benefit from the UvA’s many connections, including Universitas 21, a global university network.Prime location
Become a local in this vibrant capital city with a small-scale feel. Amsterdam ranks 11th worldwide in Mercer's 2019 ‘Quality of Living Survey’, 1st in Europe and 4th globally in The Economist’s Safe Cities Index 2019. Many students tell us Amsterdam is ‘the place to be’.

Bachelor's programmesWe offers over 20 English-taught Bachelor's programmes.Master's programmesNearly 200 English-taught Master's programmes are available at the UvA faculties:Questions?For questions about practical matters on admissions, housing or visas, you can contact the Student Service Desk. If you want to know what it’s like to study at the UvA, feel free to 
get in touch with one of our international student ambassadors.Follow us on social media