Université PSL Located in the heart of Paris, PSL inspires dialog among and between all areas of knowledge, innovation, and creativity. With 17,000 students and 2,900 researchers, it is a human-scale university.PSL includes 9 Component Schools and 2 Associate Members and works closely with 3 research entities. It draws on the scientific strengths of all its schools to foster unprecedented opportunities for its communities in education, research, technology transfer, and industrial and academic partnerships both nationally and internationally.With 28 Nobel laureates, 10 Fields medal winners, 3 Abel laureates, 50 César, and 79 Molière awardees, it represents circa 10% of French research and has received more than 150 ERC grants since its creation. Its academic community draws from the full potential of PSL’s 140 laboratories, to offer students and researchers a range of interdisciplinary graduate programs, in all scientific fields.Chosen from around the world for their talent and carefully supervised, PSL students have access to a comprehensive research-based course offering. Whether they become researchers, entrepreneurs, managers or artists, PSL students learn to formulate answers and solutions that will have an impact on our society. PSL is a public university that promotes a diverse student body, welcoming students from every social status, gender, and geographical origin.
 As a major hub of arts and culture, PSL hosts many debates, lectures, exhibits, shows, and concerts throughout the year. It forms strategic partnerships with the world’s top universities. A leader in innovation, PSL supports applications of its research by creating some 50 start-ups and filing nearly 70 patents annually. In 2017 it launched its own seed fund, the PSL Innovation Fund.Université PSL : Conservatoire National Supérieur d'Art dramatique - PSL, Dauphine - PSL, École nationale des chartes - PSL, École nationale supérieure de Chimie de Paris - PSL, École normale supérieure - PSL, École Pratique des Hautes Études - PSL, ESPCI Paris - PSL, Mines Paris - PSL, Observatoire de Paris - PSL, Collège de France, Institut Curie.
Partners : Conservatoire national supérieur de Musique et de Danse de Paris, École française d'Extrême-Orient, Ecole nationale d’administration, École nationale supérieure d’architecture Paris – Malaquais, École nationale supérieure des Arts Décoratifs, Beaux-Arts de Paris, Institut Louis Bachelier, La Fémis, Lycée Henri-IV.
With the support of : CNRS, Inserm, Inria.