University of Copenhagen The University of Copenhagen is a research-led university which provides research and education of the highest international standards.

With over 40,000 students and more than 9,000 employees, the University of Copenhagen (UCPH) is one of the largest institutions of research and education in the Nordic countries. According to QS World University Rankings® 2016, UCPH is the highest ranked university in the Nordic region and number 20 in Europe.

The University of Copenhagen is a member of globally leading international research alliances such as IARU (International Alliance of Research Universities) and LERU (League of European Research Universities).

The university has partnerships with private sector companies such as for example GlaxoSmithKline, Microsoft, Novo Nordisk, Novozymes and VELUX. Talented researchers collaborate to bring scientific discoveries from the laboratory to society. In addition, UCPH signs approx. 800 collaboration agreements every year with both public and private companies.

Competitive research funds make up 40% of the total research budget, and UCPH is among the top 5 universities in Europe in attracting grants from the European Horizon 2020 Framework Programme for Research and Innovation.

International full-degree students make up 10% of the total student population and, UCPH welcomes approximately 2,000 international exchange students every year. UCPH partners with world class institutions around the world to attract talented students and researchers, and the university’s international study environment is supported by an increasing number of international researchers and academic staff.

UCPH is located in the city of Copenhagen, Denmark's capital. It is the geographic centre of Greater Copenhagen – Northern Europe’s Hub for Science and Innovation with a high number of research institutions and a flourishing start-up environment.

The university was founded in 1479 and is one of the oldest universities in Northern Europe. It has four campuses, each with its unique atmosphere and environment. The campus structures range from historic buildings in the city centre to high-technology laboratories and auditoriums.

The university is comprised of six faculties with more than 100 departments and research centres.