Zhejiang University Zhejiang University (ZJU) is one of China’s top higher education institutions, as well as one of its oldest; its roots can be traced back to 1897 and the founding of the Qiushi Academy.
Located in Hangzhou – one of China’s most picturesque cities – the University is organized across seven faculties and 36 schools. It is home to 3,611 full-time faculty members, including 41 members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering. ZJU has 53,673 students, over 53% of whom are postgraduate students.Laying claim to several areas of research strength, ZJU currently ranks among the top three on Chinese mainland and within the top 100 in the Times Higher Education World Reputation Rankings and QS World University Rankings. Eighteen disciplines of ZJU have been selected for China’s “Double First-class” Initiative (3rd in China) and 39 disciplines graded A in the recent national assessment (1st in China).
The University prides itself on a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship. ZJU researchers are making an impact across many priority areas that address global challenges, including artificial intelligence, assembly technology for large aircraft, clean energy, ocean technology, industrial control technology, and global public health initiatives related to the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases. ZJU is also renowned for the number of business start-ups it spins off. Over 100 of its alumni sit at the helm of domestic or overseas listed companies, making the University synonymous with excellence and leadership.ZJU is committed to transforming China and the world through active engagement. Major innovative developments include the creation of a high-level platform for intellectual property exchange, as well as the formation of a number of think-tanks, including the China Academy of Western Region Development, the National Research Center for Agricultural and Rural Development, and the Institute for Public Policy, which exist to extend the scope of ZJU’s research in social sciences.ZJU has partnerships in place with more than 180 institutions from more than 30 countries worldwide. Included among them are such leading institutions as Imperial College London, the University of Sydney and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
With a cohort of 6,843 international students, and around 8,000 faculty and students who participate annually in various overseas mobility programs, ZJU fully harnesses its extensive network to nurture talent with a global outlook. In collaboration with the Universities of Edinburgh and Illinois it has also established the ZJU-UoE and ZJU-UIUC Institutes on Haining International Campus.